"""
Fair use rationale for Image:Wonju.jpg

Thanks for uploading Image:Wonju.jpg. I notice the image page specifies that the image is being used under fair use but there is no explanation or rationale as to why its use in Wikipedia articles constitutes fair use. In addition to the boilerplate fair use template, you must also write out on the image description page a specific explanation or rationale for why using this image in each article is consistent with fair use.

Please go to the image descr"
"bbq 

be a man and lets discuss it-maybe over the phone?"
"Hey... what is it..
@ | talk .
What is it... an exclusive group of some WP TALIBANS...who are good at destroying, self-appointed purist who GANG UP any one who asks them questions abt their ANTI-SOCIAL and DESTRUCTIVE (non)-contribution at WP?

Ask Sityush to clean up his behavior than issue me nonsensical warnings..."
"Before you start throwing accusations and warnings at me, lets review the edit itself-making ad hominem attacks isn't going to strengthen your argument, it will merely make it look like you are abusing your power as an admin. 
Now, the edit itself is relevant-this is probably the single most talked about event int he news as of late. His absence is notable, since he is the only living ex-president who did not attend. That's certainly more notable than his dedicating an aircracft carrier. 
I inte"
"Oh, and the girl above started her arguments with me. She stuck her nose where it doesn't belong. I believe the argument was between me and Yvesnimmo. But like I said, the situation was settled and I apologized. Thanks,"
"""

Juelz Santanas Age

In 2002, Juelz Santana was 18 years old, then came February 18th, which makes Juelz turn 19 making songs with The Diplomats. The third neff to be signed to Cam's label under Roc A Fella. In 2003, he was 20 years old coming out with his own singles """"Santana's Town"""" and """"Down"""". So yes, he is born in 1983. He really is, how could he be older then Lloyd Banks? And how could he be 22 when his birthday passed? The homie neff is 23 years old. 1983 - 2006 (Juelz death, god for"
"Bye! 

Don't look, come or think of comming back! Tosser."
REDIRECT Talk:Voydan Pop Georgiev- Chernodrinski
The Mitsurugi point made no sense - why not argue to include Hindi on Ryo Sakazaki's page to include more information?
"Don't mean to bother you 

I see that you're writing something regarding removing anything posted here and if you do oh well but if not and you can acctually discuss this with me then even better.

I'd like to ask you to take a closer look at the Premature wrestling deaths catagory and the men listed in it, surely these men belong together in some catagory. Is there anything that you think we can do with the catagory besides delting it?"
